# Project of Data Visualization (COM-480)

| Student's name        | SCIPER |
| --------------------- | ------ |
| Matthieu René Jacques | 310583 |
| Moritz Alfred Widmer  | 385831 |
| Fabrice Cedric Egger  | 375544 |

[Milestone 1](#milestone-1) • [Milestone 2](#milestone-2) • [Milestone 3](#milestone-3) • [General Structure](#general-structure) • [Dataset Parser](#dataset-parser) • [Visualization](#visualization-frontend)

## Milestone 1

see [PDF1](./milestone-1.pdf)

## Milestone 2

see [PDF2](./milestone-2.pdf)

**10% of the final grade**

## Milestone 3

see [PDF3](./milestone-3.pdf)

**80% of the final grade**

## General Structure

We generally split up this repository into two main parts

1. Dataset Parser
2. Visualization

Otherwise there is the whole dataset as `dataset.zip` file with all the DataVolley sheets.

In addition, there are every Milestones as PDF ([1](./milestone-1.pdf), [2](./milestone-2.pdf), [3](./milestone-3.pdf)) and the [screencast.mp4](./screencast.mp4) which explains our website.

The website is hosted at https://vizionaries.surge.sh!

### Dataset Parser

The Dataset Parser consists of mostly a Typescript nodejs project with two main functionalities.

-   parser: Parse the game sheets in the `./datasetParser/sheets` folder and generate a big parsed `dataVolley.json` file
-   query: Aggregate/Query data from `dataVolley.json` into multiple files (one for every action for our Visualization).

Both Libraries were developed to be extended or changed for other future use.

To run the parser that generates `datasetParser/dataVolley.json` run:

```shell
cd datasetParser
nodemon main.ts
```

To run the creation of the individual JSON files after the parsing run:

```shell
cd datasetParser/queries
cp ../dataVolley.json .
nodemon main.ts
```

This creates all JSON files inside the folder: `datasetParser/queries/aggregation/data`

Note: You should have installed `nodemon` and `node-ts` globally to run the nodemon command.

### Visualization (frontend)

The frontend folder contains a independent React.js Project which represents the actual Visualization Website. The data generated by the aggregators are copied in `frontend/src/data` after generation.

The skeleton is from `create-react-app` with the main code in `frontend/src`.

To run the website locally run:

```shell
cd frontend
npm i
npm start
```

The Main Components of the React Website are in `frontend/src/Components`. They use some helper function in `frontend/src/helper`

After development running `./deploy.sh` inside `frontend` automatically deploys the website to `https://vizionaries.surge.sh`.
